== Wedding Website and Registration Application.

The purpose of this project is to create an application for my wedding.  There is a public-facing side with information about the wedding for guests to view as well as an area to RSVP. 

Each physical invitation will contain a QR code that a user can scan and it will redirect them to a mobile version of the site - namely the RSVP part.  

There will also be an administrative interface for managing guests, invitation groupings, and (if possible) generating QR code within the application. If it is not possible to reasonably implement QR code generation, there will be at least a section for uploading QR codes in bulk.  

== TODO
1. Write unit tests for the RSVP (registrations) controller. Let's do this TDD style from the bottom up!
2. Write the RSVP controller
3. Implement the front-facing RSVP views for just the standard website.
* Will want to also implement action-mailer to deliver confirmation emails 
4. Implement the administrative interface.
* Use Devise and Can Can to limit exposure of certain fields to admin user vs. anonymous user
* How to use devise and not require login for guests?
* Add unique code for each guest to verify identity, include code on physical invitation.  Does not need to be super secure.  
5. Implement for mobile site.
6. Transfer from Heroku hosting to personal hosting. Set up capistrano, etc.
7. Get married. 


=== Models
* Each guest will be grouped into an invitation. This way only one invitation is sent out.
* An invitation should allow a guest to pick and choose who will be attending and then send an email confirmation.  
